Use all of these skills in finding stunning gems to bring back to me in every category our app needs to excel in. Community collaboration, live art feeds, integration with huggingspace, image gen platforms. API key. Generative engines. Prompt interactions, riddles, community questions and puzzles to solve collectively and individually. An ai natively embedded which updates to a database of user inputs. Users need to be able to generate, iterate, edit, create, and collage with their created materials. They need to save. The ai needs to learn and adapt to the collective experience and drive community discovery. Curate and facilitate agency building practices, design and systems thinking, getting in touch with oneself, the community, leaning in hard to how to productize ideas and creating workflows and automation systems that WORK if you put your A game into it in the beginning and then just steer/adjust afterwords. Different thinking and processing modes applying to the intake /ingestion, breakdown, translation, processing , translating, interpreting, and strategizing of input. It also needs to adopt a two way bidirectional dialogue with the collective in which we try and guess not the answer but the hidden questions which unlock and lead down a rabbit hole scavenger hunt which takes place site wide/ maybe web wide... and after enough users discover and share the portions they were given, a pattern begins to emerge. The LLM will then expressedly suggest tools in a nondisclosing way... which will aid in the quest. Spotting the answer across scales, how and where it repeats. It doesn't give you the answer til you've all but basically solved it. It more like facilitates the discovery of the answer by creating an immersive, interactive, engaging community effort to journey through the questions. Practicing reverse engineering and other reasoning and creative thinking/processing skills. And it delays reward! A very clever game being that it doesnt result in us just outsourcing our creativity and minds and experiences to the ai ... effectively handing the keys over to a hidden world this is the answer